README.md, before:

# Coder Renderer

Coder Renderer is a web application that combines a React frontend with a Node.js backend to provide a coding and rendering environment.

## Project Structure

The project is divided into two main parts:

1. Frontend (React application)
2. Backend (Node.js server)

## Installation

To set up the project, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/PierrunoYT/claude-3-artifacts-2.git
   cd claude-3-artifacts-2
   ```

2. Install dependencies for both frontend and backend:
   ```
   npm install
   cd coder-renderer
   npm install
   cd ../coder-renderer-backend
   npm install
   cd ..
   ```

## Usage

To run the application:

1. From the root directory, start both frontend and backend:
   ```
   npm start
   ```

This will start the React development server for the frontend and the Node.js server for the backend.

## Technologies Used

- Frontend:
  - React
  - CSS

- Backend:
  - Node.js
  - Express.js

- Other:
  - npm for package management
  - Git for version control

## Contributing

Contributions to the Coder Renderer project are welcome. Please ensure to update tests as appropriate.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Copyright (c) 2024 PierrunoYT

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Update README.md with new project name 'Claude 3 Artifacts 2'

README.md, after:

# Claude 3 Artifacts 2

Claude 3 Artifacts 2 is a project that demonstrates the capabilities of AI-assisted development, combining a React frontend with a Node.js backend.

## Project Structure

The project is divided into two main parts:

1. Frontend (React application)
2. Backend (Node.js server)

## Installation

To set up the project, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/PierrunoYT/claude-3-artifacts-2.git
   cd claude-3-artifacts-2
   ```

2. Install dependencies for both frontend and backend:
   ```
   npm install
   cd coder-renderer
   npm install
   cd ../coder-renderer-backend
   npm install
   cd ..
   ```

## Usage

To run the application:

1. From the root directory, start both frontend and backend:
   ```
   npm start
   ```

This will start the React development server for the frontend and the Node.js server for the backend.

## Technologies Used

- Frontend:
  - React
  - CSS

- Backend:
  - Node.js
  - Express.js

- Other:
  - npm for package management
  - Git for version control

## Contributing

Contributions to the Claude 3 Artifacts 2 project are welcome. Please ensure to update tests as appropriate.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Copyright (c) 2024 PierrunoYT

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
